Fix/bugbash002 (#405)
mosaicml/llm-foundry: scripts/data_prep/README.md

This folder contains scripts for converting text data from original sources (HF, JSON) to the Mosaic [StreamingDataset](https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming) format for consumption by our training scripts. StreamingDataset is designed to make training on large datasets from cloud storage as fast, cheap, and scalable as possible. In particular, it is custom built for multi-node, distributed training for large models while maximizing correctness guarantees, performance, and ease of use.

> They following scripts will run on CPUs (no GPUs needed.) Execute them from CLI where the `python` command is recognized and `llm-foundry` dependencies installed. All scripts should run from the ./llm-foundry/scripts/data_prep` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They following scripts will run on CPUs (no GPUs needed). Execute them in an environment with `python` and `llm-foundry` dependencies installed. All scripts should run from the `./llm-foundry/scripts/data_prep` directory.
```

## Converting a pretraining dataset

> ### HuggingFace data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`convert_dataset_hf.py` usage for different dataset sources is described below.

### HuggingFace data
```

In this example, we use the `convert_dataset_hf.py` script to convert a HuggingFace `c4` dataset into a `StreamingDataset`, using the `EleutherAI/gpt-neox-20b` tokenizer. The resulting directory is saved at `./llm-foundry/scripts/data_prep/my-copy-c4`.

> Currently supporting `c4` and `The Pile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently supports `c4` and `The Pile`.
```
